Arrogance
The three of us are here today
I'd like to see how you act recklessly
Just by you, we are generals
It's also a destiny general
Xiong Da
If you want to respect your ancestors, just drink the wine and apologize to me quickly.
Come again, you are also a river like him
What do you call this?
I'm really not good
Qin Feng, I see you haven't returned to South Province for too long
I don't know the sky is high and the earth is thick
The status of the three major families in the southern province
Squeezing you to death is as simple as choking the ant to death
I think my life is too long
Dare to yell at them
Wife, don't talk nonsense with him
Let him see how powerful we are
Who dares to touch him with me
Shenyang, I know you have the confidence
But you have the confidence
Can you beat a thousand troops?
You have a golden army
If he knew about you
Will I still be on your side?
And
You keep saying that a few years will flow to a thousand troops to take their own
Is there any basis?
Evidence? Nothing?
On what evidence?
And just immortal
Yu Fei received the attention of the Qing army
It's absurd.
Is insulting the Qing army
dare not
I just attached importance to the Qing army and promoted the law
Unless you show evidence
Sir, you're just thinking
Can be in this place at midnight
Qin Shao, this is locked before
Qin Shao is not required for review, although it is for storage.
Please have a lot at any time.
Oh good
Yes, I do.
Breeds of the New Army